ReadMe.md, before:

# Read Me

This repository is completely for learning purpose. Used Open API from itunes to demostrate network call and consuming the same


## Features

- MVVM Architecture
- Network API Consumption
- Usage of PODs
- Pull to refresh
- Autolayout


This text you see here is *actually- written in Markdown! To get a feel
for Markdown's syntax, type some text into the left window and
watch the results in the right.

## Tech

Code is developed in Swift5 and build on Xcode 13.3
Unit test and UI test covered using native XCTest and XCUITest. Coverage for all the added classes is more than ~80%

![image](https://user-images.githubusercontent.com/61456703/160666124-1aa7b1cc-5822-469b-a169-ef9a91d8a1d4.png)


## Dependency Management
I have used Pods for dependency management. Below Pods are used in application
- Pod LazyImage -> For image caching and lazy loading. Lazy loading is a concept to load image from URL withot freezing UI.
- Pod SwiftLint -> To maintain coding standard and styling I have integrated Swift lint. This really helps to maintain quality of code with standards.

Steps to Install pods:
- Go to your project in Terminal
- copy paste 'pod init' -> this will add a new file named as "Podfile"
- open Podfile and add required pod (reference given in below). And save the file.

![image](https://user-images.githubusercontent.com/61456703/160667386-842979dd-c166-4984-9f9d-708fee1f808a.png)


- Copy and paste command 'pod install'. Success will be showing as below 

![image](https://user-images.githubusercontent.com/61456703/160667490-36222690-89fd-46ff-92f4-c5b6d8fd1d9b.png)



## Development

Want to contribute? Great!

Please reachout to me at rishi.cse09@gmail.com, I will provide you the access.

Commit message:

branch name updated in read me file

ReadMe.md, after:

# Read Me

This repository is completely for learning purpose. Used Open API from itunes to demostrate network call and consuming the same


## Features

- MVVM Architecture
- Network API Consumption
- Usage of PODs
- Pull to refresh
- Autolayout


This text you see here is *actually- written in Markdown! To get a feel
for Markdown's syntax, type some text into the left window and
watch the results in the right.

## Tech

Code is developed in Swift5 and build on Xcode 13.3
Unit test and UI test covered using native XCTest and XCUITest. Coverage for all the added classes is more than ~80%

![image](https://user-images.githubusercontent.com/61456703/160666124-1aa7b1cc-5822-469b-a169-ef9a91d8a1d4.png)


## Dependency Management
I have used Pods for dependency management. Below Pods are used in application
- Pod LazyImage -> For image caching and lazy loading. Lazy loading is a concept to load image from URL withot freezing UI.
- Pod SwiftLint -> To maintain coding standard and styling I have integrated Swift lint. This really helps to maintain quality of code with standards.

Steps to Install pods:
- Go to your project in Terminal
- copy paste 'pod init' -> this will add a new file named as "Podfile"
- open Podfile and add required pod (reference given in below). And save the file.

![image](https://user-images.githubusercontent.com/61456703/160667386-842979dd-c166-4984-9f9d-708fee1f808a.png)


- Copy and paste command 'pod install'. Success will be showing as below 

![image](https://user-images.githubusercontent.com/61456703/160667490-36222690-89fd-46ff-92f4-c5b6d8fd1d9b.png)

## Final Branch
Complete code is available on "**main**" branch


## Development

Want to contribute? Great!

Please reachout to me at rishi.cse09@gmail.com, I will provide you the access.
